Hi, Ron.
Hello, hello.
How are you?
Ohh, let's say busy.
Yeah.
Yeah, what a deal.
Yeah,
so the pile of work is not getting
smaller when you work,
it stays the same or gets bigger.
Uh...
All, this is a good question. I must,
I must say, this is a good question. Yeah,
it depends on how you look at it.
Oh.
Yeah, this is the really,
it is the angle way you look at it,
this is more or less changing stuff.
But with this change,
it also brings extra work in. And that,
Yeah.
yeah, that's a bit tough situation,
actually,
because you need to bring it over to
other people that they can do it before
Yeah.
Mm.
they are capable of doing it.
It will cost you more time.
Yeah.
So, basically,
the benefit of it is not completely clear
Yeah.
yet.
Yeah.
But yeah, in the end, yeah.
A lot of processes are changing and you
need to figure out your way in it and
yeah.
Yeah, I, I, I...
Well, not always the easiest way to.
Yeah,
I sometimes feel I would need to step
back for a week.
and just organize things a bit
differently and click up and restructure
Mhm.
the orga processes, whatever,
to get more efficient again.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm pretty to hear all that.
You get so inefficient when you just run
around firefighting all the time.
Yeah.
Ahh.
So that's my feeling.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and a clear definition of what the
expectations is is also really handy then.
Yeah, that's a simple thing, actually.
It sounds simple,
but it's not so simple to achieve it
across so many different parties,
departments, roles.
No.
Et cetera.
Yeah, yeah,
that is not always clear who is now in
Pahl.
charge or is having a say in it.
Yeah, correct.
And then everybody expects things to
Yeah.
happen automatically.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that that's one of the things that every
I I everything is is going to be agentic.
Correct, correct,
and then in six months someone will say,
"But I thought this will be done by
whoever."
Yeah.
And the nicest part is that this is the
most ancient phrase there is.
No.
Assumption is the killer of all things.
You can also say it in a lesson neither
way, but...
Ha ha!
Huh.
Yeah, so I'm actually starting to wrap up.
I will, let's wait a second.
Maybe who's joining?
So Max is on vacation. Martin, I think,
cannot join today. Pascal, I don't know.
Nikolay, that's a good point.
Why is he not here?
Ah, they are, they are on public vacation.
Oh, okay. Ah, okay.
In Bulgaria, it's been Orthodox Eastern.
Mm.
So, that's why I think we only miss Matt,
really, and probably Pascal.
Do you know about them?
Uh, no,
but I'm looking at this with this request.
But.
Oh, that's Matt.
Ohh no, that is coming, great.
And.
He met.
No.
Hey, Mateus, sorry, sorry,
just realized this side.
No problem. All good. We are small round,
I think, today.
Harun.
Matt, sorry, Max is on vacation. Nikolay,
public vacation, Orthodox, Easter. Pascal,
I don't know.
The floor is at the moment, actually.
So.
Yeah,
I was just about to say I will wrap up
the Oracle PLC this next two days.
I think I also just wrote a message to
you.
I have access to the folder that worked.
Perfect. Good, good.
That's some,
and I know I'm behind here a little bit.
Also on your mail from today,
I totally feel you.
But I had to finish a few things last
week, which were also very important.
I was OK. It's OK Matthias.
So yeah,
that's basically my wrap up today.
Yeah, good.
Well, I had,
we had a good call with the with Patrick,
Burnfield, Valchev,
Joachim and Thomas Paulus as well,
just on the deployment side, so.
Uh-huh.
Long story short,
I'm trying to make it as simple as
possible for everyone involved.
And this is why I just,
I know it's an email with a long list of
things.
Not at all. I didn't almost notice.
It was just more of a,
it was just more of a...
Yeah.
Still a lame figure for scroller.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
I just wanted to make sure I got
everything down because it's just on,
Okay.
I want to make sure that we've got
everything as clear as possible of what
needs to be done and where because I
think
I think we caught,
there's some things that are little
blockers at the moment that don't need to
be blockers.
Yeah.
And I think we can get moving quite
quickly on it.
Like the proposal we've got, we do need,
and I haven't spoke to Max about this,
but I basically just sent an email about
just a bit of a technical document just
so we know exactly what we're creating
for the Oracle environment.
Yeah.
Mhm.
And we'll need to present this both from
a security standpoint and the
architecture standpoint to the Nagle,
the Nagle guys,
because we've not gone into prod yet.
There's a bit of like, let's say,
review and audit that we need to do that
will just cover everyone.
including you guys of like, yes,
we've gone through the process and give
Yeah.
them the opportunity to ask any questions.
And that's why I want the document you
I see.
Yeah.
see. Or one of the reasons.
Sounds good. I mean,
I'm collecting heavily all the stuff and
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mmh.
I will include your input there as well.
So for me,
it's the project Oracle testing.
How can you dispo and therefore P3 test
the Oracle things, the migration?
We thought we had an environment for
Yep.
Gap there until I think you talked to
Joachim and Patrick,
because Patrick came to us and said there
is no environment between end and prod,
and we we got a bit scared and then
Joachim cleaned it up for me,
No, there is, there is, no, there is,
there is, there is, yeah.
so literally I...
I think I already know what we have. 1060,
we will have a ABN 1060, UAT 1060.
I'm just having a gap for the end ones.
Do we have a end 1060 as well or not?
No, so the guys, the guys don't,
it's just called N1. The guys don't,
it's just a pure development database.
It's not a, yeah,
they just deploy the code into it and
then test it.
I don't think it has an actual branch.
So I think N1 is just where they do
Yeah.
deployments.
themselves and then off the back of that,
let's say being deployed successfully,
Yeah.
they then raise a pull request or a fry
garber. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got that.
He explained it to me with this QS tool,
with the two CLI tools,
they have to do all of needed deployments.
Yeah, so we, I'm, I'm.
Yeah, yeah, I'm hoping we don't use that.
We shouldn't be using that, not for this.
And.
Cem.
So what I spoke to Joachim about this
morning, which is part of the mail piece,
is we do what we've done in GitHub and
basically in DevOps,
Mhm.
which is where the Oracle repo is.
we basically set up a branch very
specific to new disk flow.
Mm.
So we pull from main and then the changes
that are required for new disk flow are
Yeah.
deployed into that branch basically,
and then we deploy off it.
Haha.
Yeah.
I see you're mirroring the Postgres
pattern.
Yeah, correct. And the only reason that,
the other side I want to do that and the
Lang.
reason why I want to get it out of the QS
app is once it,
the QS app is like a black box and it's,
for example,
I can't even give you guys access to it
because of the way it's hosted and what
Mm.
I see.
it's doing.
The second thing is it's incredibly
complex to deploy something.
And the only real advantage to it is if
we were doing changes to the uniface,
Mmh.
which we aren't. So we should.
in theory,
be able to do exactly what we've done in
Yeah.
Mm.
Postgres and it be incredibly clear per
version what is included and what isn't
included.
Yeah, but this is the repo,
this is the folder I understood from
Yeah.
Joachim. I also see here is the that,
for example,
a migration task and that and so on,
but currently they run this against main
This is.
or master.
Is it Moscow?
Yeah, so I need to, yeah, Master,
I need to speak to Alex Fisher and we
create a branch that's going to be pulled
basically out of it, yeah.
Mhm.
Okay, so I think in the end,
to be a bit provocative, we don't care,
right? You just provide the ABN 1060,
UAT 1060 and so on.
How you do that is literally in your
responsibility anyway.
Correct, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and the.
So, yeah.
Well, as I say,
this was the first question I had is,
does any developers need access to the
dev environment of Oracle?
That was one of the questions. And if so.
That's, I think,
really down to a clear mandate. Right now,
there is no mandate to help out or do any
database work. Let's put it like that,
except potentially Sonia,
who is set up and onboarded, I think.
But we would just say,
please give us the connection string.
Yeah.
Mm.
We'll add it to new dispo.
Then the testing starts.
And if we find issues,
we need a bug tracking process, really.
It's not that we're going to fix it
ourselves like we do on Postgres
sometimes.
I think we would just raise buck tickets
or something.
Yeah, OK. Yeah, understood. That's fine.
Yeah, OK.
That's all I understand it.
And of course,
I can put all that in the answer or to
your email so that everybody is aware.
Perfect, yeah, yeah, yeah,
and then I was continue,
Because yeah,
it's I think it's a iterative process
I was going to say continue.
anyway,
quick with everybody in the loop reacting
like within a day or two to these things.
Yeah, agreed.
The biggest challenge we've got,
The.
and this is the guys, they don't,
at the moment Joachim and the guys don't
really deploy in versions. So for example,
they'll deploy,
Mhm.
say they've got version 7008, right?
Then they'll put a
Mm-hmm.
Fry Gharaee inside that version,
but say that that say that change the Fry
Mhm.
Gharaee that they've just deployed has an
issue,
they then pull out the old code and put
in the new code and then deploy it
And.
manually now.
Mhm.
Where that works in its entirety,
when the guys themselves are talking to
the guys about uniface or the developing
the uniface side along with the Oracle
side,
it's not a bad way to be because it's all
in their own contained group.
But obviously it's incredibly hard then
Mhm.
if, for example,
there's a corresponding new dispo
activity
in GCP that needs to be aligned with the
fixed for that relevant database object.
Mhm.
So I've managed, I'm hopeful,
I managed to convince Joachim that we
Yeah.
start to work in actual versions and if
there is a bug on a specific version,
we then fix it and the next version comes
along.
And then I can explicitly say to you guys,
each time we do a release,
Yeah.
this is what's deployed,
these fixes are here, go and test it.
Uhh.
And then we move it through the
environment.
Now we don't have to deploy a version
into UAT. We don't have to follow that.
Yeah.
We can wait until we're in a good place
in ABN and then
deploy that version inside ABN.
So we can iterate as many times as we
Yeah.
want in ABN. It's not a problem.
Yeah, yeah, that sounds good.
Yeah.
So yeah, I think the question is,
are we going to connect to end as well or
not?
Well, that, yeah,
so this leads me on to what I'm about to
show you now, so...
We.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Or, if you guys do want a dev environment,
let's say,
just deploy it in workload for test,
as I've said, just put it, just put,
And.
Yeah.
just label it as dev.
Yeah, yeah.
It's not great,
but it will get us moving in that sense.
Yeah.
Yeah. So that will solve, let's say,
the end new dispo.
Sure.
You still have workload 5 dev.
That does exist and that's sort of ready
Yeah.
to go.
I don't think anything's set up in it.
Matt.
Yeah.
But it's there. So it's up to you guys.
And then the one thing, again,
Yeah.
is another creation of a UAT environment
for 1060 is set up a new UAT one because
you don't have one at the moment for UAT,
as far as I'm aware.
I need to check. I thought we had one.
You got you.
I think you've got you've got ABN at the
moment, which is test,
Yeah.
and we'll obviously connect 1060 to that.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and then I think you've got then I think
the other one is just a very like a dev
focused one,
but they're all connected to Postgres at
the moment. That's the difference.
BBC.
They are, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, so yeah,
I think this week's going to be quite
quiet because the guys are mostly on
public vacation today.
They come in for one day tomorrow,
but we'll have a lot of refinements there.
Yeah.
And then they are off again the whole
week for some conference.
OK, ohh,
is this this one thing in Valencia?
I think Sonia said she was going some AI.
OK.
Exactly that one, yeah, yeah.
So yeah, it's a bit of a different week,
but I think we can sort out all the,
like I said, Oracle POC stuff decision,
preparing the environment document,
the document you requested, and so on.
Let me have everything ready for next
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
week. That's my plan.
Yeah, okay, good.
Because I think any new environment you
guys do now, you could practice this,
like the creation in the workloads.
You guys can create a...
in line with the document,
wherever you guys,
basically the setup stuff.
Like this workload for here,
Yeah.
you've only got a new dispo front end and
back end, just one.
So we need another one of that for UAT,
basically.
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, correct.
And then, so I think, yeah,
my mail is right, what we need to do then,
and then workload 5 test.
Yeah, correct.
Same thing,
just one bridge for new just in test.
So we need a UAT bridge as well.
Correct.
DS.
Yeah, OK.
Good. All right.
Yeah.
Okay, so we'll align,
come back to me and let mail around stuff
The.
that you need from an access perspective,
then we can work on that while you're
Yeah.
there.
The 1060 database will take a couple of
And.
days to build anyway and get set up.
We won't build any until you send us the
Okay.
technical document with the details on.
We won't put any users in, so yeah,
just hold,
Yeah, yeah.
hold off until you guys send us that,
then we'll do it from there, basically.
Yeah,
I will prepare that questionnaire to the
team so that I can have the answers
tomorrow and then have three days
Perfect.
available to do all of these things.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ozaki doke sounds good.
Good, OK.
And yeah.
Good talking.
DS.
And I'm available normally the whole week.
Hütig.
Quiet awake.
Yeah, absolutely. Actually,
I'm looking forward to it.
Yeah, thank you.
The last three weeks were all,
I talked to Ron already,
Mm.
we were already up and down.
We were in Sofia and that caused a lot of
follow-up discussions and so on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, good.
Good.
OK, thank you very much. You too. Bye,
bye, bye.
DS.
Have a nice, see you soon.
OK, see you.
OK.